ASSIGNMENT 1 - Wednesday, September 4th
1. Ask the user for their name and age, then greet them by name, and tell them how old they will be in 100 years.
    Use f-strings, not concatenation.
2. Create a tip calculator program using functions and user input. Use a return statement in your function.


ASSIGNMENT 2 - Wednesday, September 11th
1. Create an empty list called “friends”. Create a function that adds a friend to the friends list and
    a function that removes a friend from the friends list. Both of the functions should take one parameter
    which is the name of the person that will be added or removed.
2. Use the functions you created in step 1 to add 5 people to your friends list using your function.
    Then remove two friends from your list using your remove function. If the friend is not in the list,
    print a message that says the friend is not in the list and can’t be removed. Finally, print out your final 
    friend list.


ASSIGNMENT 3 - Wednesday, September 18th
1. Create a program that removes all the vowels from user input and produces the outcome back to the user.
2. Create a password validator program that only accepts a password that fits a set of requirements.
    These requirements are up to you. Make sure the user knows the requirements before they try a password.
    Do not allow the program to end until the password meets all your requirements.
    Try to use a dictionary to solve this, if you can manage it.


ASSIGNMENT 4 - Wednesday, September 25th
1. Use a dictionary to store information about a fictional person. Store their first name, last name, age, 
    and the city in which they live. You should have keys such as first_name, last_name, age, and city. 
    Print each piece of information stored in your dictionary.
2. Make two new dictionaries representing different people, and store all three dictionaries in a list 
    called people. Loop through your list of people. As you loop through the list, print everything you 
    know about each person.


Make sure your assignments are done by Tuesday at 11:59pm the day before our next session.
    We will review your code the next morning before the session that evening.

HAPPY CODING!!